# Small-Business-App-Project-1-
	In the generation that we live in, shopping online is as common as going out physically to do the shopping. Our program, “Ecommerce Sales Charge”, does many things than just simply display a user input. It calculates certain charges like state tax, county tax, weight charges, and even discounts depending on the date the item was bought. State tax, in this program, is the only stable charge that will not change, county tax, on the other hand, as well as the weight cost of the package will. The counties that will be considered in this program will be San Diego, Los Angeles and Riverside, anything outside of these counties will be disregarded. A person living in San Diego will be charged a different county tax as compared to a person living in the Los Angeles or Riverside area. Essentially, this program is not meant for the large operating industries that require long distance shipping, however it is meant for local shops that look to get their companies out on the Ecommerce side of retail.   This program allows the user to enter in their ID, the amount they spent, the date of when the items were bought, the county the person lives in, and the weight of the items. There is a function for user information, and every calculation that will be made in the program, this allows for readability of the buyer of the program. In addition, my team’s motto is “garbage in, garbage out” meaning that user input will be validated for irrelevant input. The program will continuously loop until the user decides to end the program. Also, instructions will be cut clear to what the program wants the user to enter. For example, if the program wants the user to enter in a number rather than a letter, the program will state that. The program will conclude by outputting a receipt for the user on the total amount charged.
